This is a program, called BOOTEASY, version 1.8.
It serves as a replacement for the ordinary master boot.
It is very simple in installation, and quite intelligent
in handling various types of partitions.

BOOTEASY makes possible coexistence of several different operating
systems on the same machine.  At the boot time the short menu
is displayed, and you can choose and load the required OS.

You can also boot from second hard disk.

Some useful features:

1) Very simple installation.  Just call BOOTINST and answer 'yes'
to several questions.

2) Saves the copy of original boot sector.  You can restore it
calling BOOTINST with a parameter - the name of the file with
original boot sector.  By default this is 'BOOTSAVE.BIN'.

3) If no key is pressed during 5-second timeout, the default OS
will boot.

4) The last booted partition is remembered and used as a default.

5) BOOTEASY marks the booted partition as active, which is required
by some OS, such as Interactive Unix.

6) If the second hard disk is present, you can boot from it.

Changes in version 1.3:
- Fixed error with activating loaded partition.  Loaded
  partition was not marked active in partition table.
  Now it is activated correctly.

Changes in version 1.4:
- Fixed error with system timer 0 reset.  Timer 0 was
  cleared to zero after boot.  Because MSDOS uses it (not RTC!)
  as the real time value, the time was always 12:00.
  Now system timer is not cleared.

Changes in version 1.5:
- Added the possibility to install on the second disk only.

Changes in version 1.6:
- Added the check of the drive number, got from the BIOS
  in the DL register. Some BIOSes pass incorect value.

Changes in version 1.7:
- Partition type names changed from lower case to mixed upper/lower case.
- Some program size optimizations added.

Changes in version 1.8:
- Rewritten for NASM assembler.
- Added partition types for FAT32, some type fixes.
- Added the possibility to restore the master boot record on
  the second drive. Usage: "bootinst bootsav.bin boot2sav.bin".

BOOTEASY have been tested on Linux, Interactive Unix SVR3 and SVR4,
386bsd, FreeBSD, BSD/386 (BSDI), MSDOS 3, 4 and 5, MINIX, Xenix,
Windows NT, OS/2.

Author: Serge Vakulenko, <vak@cronyx.ru>
